# Tasks
1. ~~Try to make the Cache clean and neat. 3 Blocks.~~
2. ~~Draw the distribution of duration for 1 time steps 2 Blocks~~
3. ~~Distinguish the miss with cold miss and conflict miss 2 Blocks.~~
4. Do the distribution of Cold Miss and Conflict Miss inside one tile across all the output spines. 4 Blocks.

### Traces
1. 6:10-6:40 Block 1. Clear the csv file generation in cache.
2. 6:50-7:20 Block 2. List all the requirements.



### Task 1
1. For the reuse-distance distribution, we only need one for each layer. It is not be infacted by the cache configuration. It is better to save in the folder under the model, for example, save under "vgg16/reuse_distance_distribution/layer5.csv"
2. For each layer, we do not need to save all the statistics by single csv files of different cache configurations. For example, "72KB_4_0_lru.csv" is not needed, since we can check all the data in cache_totals_4ways_0prefetchs_lru.csv. For this part, it is better to list all the ways and prefetches in the cache_totals. Fore example, cache_total_lru.csv. We need to add two columns after cache_size_kb, before demand_accesses, which are ways and prefetches.
3. The current scoreboard is not correct. 
Since in the execution, the sequence is like this:
For output spine i from [0, 0] to [H, W]
For tile from 0 to max:
Receptive field of Input_spine streaming ...
So for one Input_spine, it will go across time step 0-4
And for the whole layer, the cache will go across t 0 to 4 for multiple times. However, with the prev and cur design of score board, it is not able to store all the info from last timesteps, the score board only receive the score of the receptive field from last time steps.
4. The current scoreboard csv should be under "score_stats" folder.
5. Save the set_unique_demand_lines csv under set_unique_lines_stat folder.
6. Save all the cross layer conclusion like 72KB_4_0_lru.csv under vgg16 to be in the folder vgg16/cross_layer_comparsion_stats. And Cache_totals should be only 2 files: cache_totals_scoreboard.csv, cache_totals_lru.csv, We need to add two columns after cache_size_kb, before demand_accesses, which are number of ways and prefetches.

### Thought trace
1. Inside one tile, we will go through all the time steps, and each time steps will take some time to be totally finished.
   1. Draw the duration for 1 time steps (as before)
        For different tiles, the duration of one time step is fixed. 
        Only for different output spine ids, it will generate the different durations.
        So it would be doable to generate the csv file for the distribution of the duration of one time steps.
        How to draw the distribution of the duration per layer?
        Ask chatGPT.
        Since it is not ralated with the cache configuration, the csv file name should not have the cache config parts. It should be stored in one separate folders. With the name of layer 1, layer 2, layer 3, ..., 
        **Task 1**
   2. Distinguish the Miss with the Cold Miss and Conflict Miss **Task 2**
   3. Do the distribution of Hit, Cold Miss and Conflict Miss inside one tile across all the output spines.
        The csv file name: layer5_144KB(Cache size)_4(ways)_0(prefetches).csv
        tile 0:
        output_spine_id(hout, wout), tile_id, timesteps, hit count, cold miss count, conflict miss count
        (0, 0), 0, 0, xx, xx, xx
        (0, 0), 0, 1, xx, xx, xx
        (0, 0), 0, 2, xx, xx, xx
        (0, 0), 0, 3, xx, xx, xx
        **Task 3**
    How to do the visualization across tiles and across output spine id? **Task 4**
    4. In one output spine, it can be histogram, like:
        time step 0(tile 0, tile 1), time step 1(tile 0, tile 1), time step 2(tile 0, tile 1), time step 3(tile 0, tile 1), This should be the x axis, then the y axis should be the distribution of cold miss and the eviction miss.
    

2. 