# Tasks
1. Try to figure out why the distribution of the weight access will have this type. Can we actually utilize it?
2. Try to check out the relation between the time and re-use distance.


## Measurement
### Spike feature only
1. Time step length distribution (get the well-formed graph for each layer)
2. Weight cache line's reuse times distribution. 

### Cache involved part
1. Print the access number of current access, and print current tile_id, out spine's h and w, current time steps.
2. For each eviction, print the duration from last access.
3. erase the scoreboard print.
4. Print 10000 lines.

## timeline-schedule
1. 14:00-16:00 Finish task 1
2. 16:00-18:00 Finish task 2


tile=0 hout=0 wout=0 t=0 acc=198
tile=0 hout=0 wout=0 t=1 acc=385
tile=0 hout=0 wout=0 t=2 acc=587
tile=0 hout=0 wout=0 t=3 acc=795

tile=1 hout=0 wout=0 t=0 acc=993
tile=1 hout=0 wout=0 t=1 acc=1180 (start to have more eviction)
tile=1 hout=0 wout=0 t=2 acc=1382 (eviction num is less)
tile=1 hout=0 wout=0 t=3 acc=1590 (eviction is the same as t=1)

### Thought trace
1. Inside one tile, we will go through all the time steps, and each time steps will take some time to be totally finished.
   1. Draw the duration for 1 time steps (as before)
        For different tiles, the duration of one time step is fixed. 
        Only for different output spine ids, it will generate the different durations.
        So it would be doable to generate the csv file for the distribution of the duration of one time steps.
        How to draw the distribution of the duration per layer?
        Ask chatGPT.
        Since it is not ralated with the cache configuration, the csv file name should not have the cache config parts. It should be stored in one separate folders. With the name of layer 1, layer 2, layer 3, ..., 
        **Task 1**
   2. Distinguish the Miss with the Cold Miss and Conflict Miss **Task 2**
   3. Do the distribution of Cold Miss and Conflict Miss inside one tile across all the output spines.
        The csv file name: layer5_144KB(Cache size)_4(ways)_0(output_spine_id)_tile_id.csv
        tile 0:
        timesteps, hit count, cold miss count, conflict miss count
        0, xx, xx, xx
        1, xx, xx, xx
        2, xx, xx, xx
        3, xx, xx, xx
        **Task 3**
    How to do the visualization across tiles and across output spine id? **Task 4**
    4. In one output spine, it can be histogram, like:
        time step 0(tile 0, tile 1), time step 1(tile 0, tile 1), time step 2(tile 0, tile 1), time step 3(tile 0, tile 1), This should be the x axis, then the y axis should be the distribution of cold miss and the eviction miss.
    

2. 