# Tasks
1. 单词背诵到TPO 20
2. 给教授写邮件
   * Yifan Sun
   * Vijay
   * Haiyu, Mao
   * 十封邮件剩下的



## Task 2
### Vijay
Dear professor:
Sorry for the late reply. Due to the sickness last week and lack of adequate background knowledge on cache coherence, I cannot finish reading the paper "Determining the Minimum Number of Virtual
Networks for Different Coherence Protocols". However, after reading the chapter 6 and chapter 8 of the book "A Primert on Memory Consistency and Cache Coherence", I think at least I have better undestanding on the question this paper issued, the methodology it uses to analyze the question, the classification of the deadlock situations and a proposed algorithm to solve the question. I will try my best to explain my understanding of the workflow of this paper below.
The paper first doubts the conventional wisdom that the needed number of virtual network should be at least the number of types of the message (For example, if they have the types of request, fwd-request, and response, it needs to have 3 individual VN to avoid deadlocks). Then the paper gives the proof to show the conventional wisdom is neither sufficient nor necessary. (My personal question here, At the last paragraph in Section 3.B, why the numbers of directories matters on verifing the deadlock situation?)
After proving the incorrectness of the conventional wisdom, the paper then provide its own methodology to classify different types of deadlocks. It abstracts the relations between the messages in 4 types:
1. creates; 
2. stalls; 
3. waits; 
4. queues. 
Then the abstraction helps divide the deadlock into 3 types: 
1. protocol deadlocks(It can be detected by using model checking tools on just one block of memory addresses); 
2. VN deadlocks(one is a deadlock with only waits realtion between messages, which is hard to prevent in practical; the other type of deadlocks is started with waits and followed by a chain of queues and waits, which can be further solved by the algorithms the author proposed).
After featuring different types of deadlocks here, the paper gives the equations to avoid deadlocks: acyclic(waits-->; (waits-->||queues-->)*), and gives an algrithm to solve this class 3 VN deadlocks, which proves that it is sufficient to use at most 2 VN to prevent deadlock.
I have very limited time on focusing on the last part/experiment of this paper(Since it needs more time to setup environment and learns the usage of Murphi models)，so I cannot give further summary on the last part.
Additionally, the methodology part is kind of familiar to me. I once took a course called System validation at my master university, which uses quite the same method to analyze a system's functionality. It uses the "Labeled transition system" to check the whether the systems satisify the conditions we proposed. Here is just a short definition of that:
A labeled transition system (LTS) is a five tuple A = (S, Act,-->, s, T) where
• S: is a set of states.
• Act: is a set of actions, possibly multi-actions.
• -->: S x Act x S is a transition relation.
• s E S is the initial state.
• T belongs to S is the set of terminating states.
Then it uses the above language to build up a system and use verification formula to verify the validation of the systems.
If I have more time, I think it will be very interesting for me to further implement the abstraction in this paper on the LTS systems to do the same verication things again. 
Above is what I got after reading this paper. I need to apologize that I maynot be able to spot any insight opinions, since I did not have that much strong background on cache cohererence, I only learned the MSI protocol in one lecture of my master course "Embedded Computer architecture". However, I still think nearly all parts from computer architecture field seems charming to me.
If you think my understanding matches your expectation, could we have a further meeting to discuss the topic of this paper and other stuff?
Best wishes,
Yang
